# Meeting Notes
In this file, you are required to take notes for your weekly meetings. 
In each meeting, you are required to discuss:

1. What each member has done during the week?
2. Are there challenges or problems? Discuss the possible solutions
3. Plan for the next week for everyone
4. Deviations and changes to the project plan, if any


# Meeting dd.mm.2024 HH:MM

**Participants**: 
1. Member 1
2. Member 2
3. Member 3
4. Member 4 

## Summary of works
1. Member 1 
   
   Implementing the class XX. Tested the class XX. 
   Results are in `tests/<class-xx-tests>`. Resolved the identified problems.

2. Member 2

   Same as above

3. ...

## Challenges

1. The integration of UI with the monsters requires an abstract interface.
2. ...

## Actions
1. Member 1 is going to look into defining an abstract interface for monsters 
   to enable easy UI integration.
2. Member 2 is going to work with Member 1 to use abstract interface in derived 
   monster classes.
3. Member 2 is going to test the interface.
4. Member 3 is going to use ...

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Short summary of current project status. 

### TODOs
1. Member 1: Write an action.
2. ...

# Meeting 15.11.2024 17:00

**Participants**: 
1. Henna
2. Emma
3. Hà
4. Bence

## Summary of works
1. Henna
   
   Worked on the GUI. Adding gates to one qubit is implemented and waiting for review.

2. Emma

   Worked on ready-made circuits and related operations. The work depends on quantum circuit so that need to be finalised before it is fully ready. will continue working with it.

3. Hà
   
   Worked on Quantum Circuit and its tests.

4. Bence

   Implemented more operations to the existing gates and implemented the rest of the basic gates (H and CNOT). 

## Challenges

Just some waiting because of the dependencies, but nothing major.

## Actions
1. Henna will add the missing UI elements such as buttons for saving and loading circuit to file and evaluating the circuit.
2. Emma will continue working with the ready-made circuits and check if there are open issues that can be taken.
3. Hà will include H and CNOT gates that Bence worked on and pushed to the dev to the circuit and write tests to them.
4. Bence simulation to simulate the quantum circuit

## Project status 

Third sprint starts today. We are slightly behind our planned schedule, but the goal now is to finish the basic features as soon as possible, and then continue the work with additional and advanced features.

### TODOs

TODOs are listed above, in Actions.

# Meeting 08.11.2024 18:00

**Participants**: 
1. Bence
2. Emma
3. Henna
4. Hà

## Summary of works
1. Bence 
   
   Set up testing library and implementing some tests. Also finished and merged PauliX and general Gate.

2. Emma

   Worked on rotation gates

3. Henna

   Worked on GUI and initial gate set. Learning how things work.

4. Hà

   Implementing QuantumCircuit and loading and saving it on file.

## Challenges

Nothing major, just clarified the requirements and implementation of QuantumCircuit. Agreed to ask help if anyone gets stuck.

## Actions
1. Bence and Emma are available to help with anything
2. Bence will continue implementing the initial gate set
3. Emma will take a look at premade circuits
4. Henna will continue with visual representation of gates and tries to connect visual and logical sides
5. Hà will continue working with QuantumCircuit

> Please reflect these action decisions in your git commit messages so that 
> your group members and advisor can follow the progress.

## Project status 
Working on minimal viable product (MVP), at the moment we have an empty GUI that opens when the program is run.

### TODOs
TODOs are listed above

# Meeting 25.10.2024 18:00

**Participants**: 
1. Bence
2. Emma
3. Henna
4. Hà
5. Matti

## Summary of the meeting
This was our first meeting held via Discord messages. There was a little misunderstanding whether we were having the meeting or not, but since it happened via messages, everyone was able to contribute in the end. Bence created occurring event in Discord so we would always know when a meeting is happening (every Friday at 18:00). We also agreed that we should use voice channel in the future, to make sure that everyone is heard and can get the help needed. We discussed about work division, working practices, software architecture and how we are going to write the project plan document. Henna promised to write the initial version, that would be read and modified by others. 
